"Excelent Airflow as a Service Platform"
What do you like best about Astro by Astronomer?
With Astronomer we don't need to worry about the infrastructure, everything is abstracted to us, we just need to click a few times to implement a new deployment (very easy) access the Astronomer UI, and start doing things. This improved our team's speed to develop new solutions a lot! Astronomer became our daily tool for workflow management. Avoiding wasting time with deployments and machines and focusing on what is truly important, the business. Having the most recent version of airflow available one day after the release is a plus, we can count on the bug fixes and new features as fast as possible (faster than if we had our airflow solution or any other SaaS). The airflow support team has helped us to unblock many problems, most of them about how Airflow works and the best use of the tool, also we were able to deploy easily every single integration that we use with our current cloud provider.
Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.

What do you dislike about Astro by Astronomer?
Astronomer still lacks some "premium features", something that is not available at opensource version of Airflow. I know that we have some extra tools like lineage (this one needs a lot more of attention from astronomers team to be something easy and valid to use) and the "cloud ide" which is a great idea however needs more completeness, for example it lacks the ability to simply install private libraries or connect with macro functions (like jinja) from our SQL definition.