"Best Way to take the pain out of Airflow"
What do you like best about Astro by Astronomer?
I've worked with Airflow for the last 6 year, both administering it myself and using managed services like AWS MWAA. In my opinion Astronomer is the only feasible managed service currently available for Airflow. It's the first managed service I've used that does not entail a surprising number of performance bugs even when used only as an orchestration engine (which generally deferable functionality has resolved), and the only approach I would recommend if you want to also use it as an execution engine in its own right. In our use case, our per deployment costs were cut in half relative to AWS MWAA. Additionally it greatly increases ease of use, so non-engineering teams can make use of it with minimal need for engineering staff once it's set up.

Additionally, customer service is excellent. Always a response time proportional to the level of severity, and even complex bug fixes (generally caused by underlying Airflow libraries, not Astronomer itself) that have popped up had tested fixes available within a few days. If you're using Airflow for a non-trivial, production workload and not managing the cluster yourself, I don't think there's any other way to go than Astronomer.
Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.

What do you dislike about Astro by Astronomer?
Typical painpoints of using a managed service and the limited access that entails, particularly around the shared-compute cluster options and lack of CLI access to remote deployments. That they're serious about addressing with developing new features to ease these painpoints shows they take issues of access more seriously than most managed service providers (Airflow-based and beyond).